this video is not gonna be like my other
videos because you know I've been busy
like I got I started school I recently
like what like two weeks ago and I've
been adjusting that's why I'm gonna put
up the video like I told you I was gonna
put it out but could you know I've done
that with you schedule
but yeah so I started school so I was
adjusted for this so that's why I like
that so here's the video um so what I'm
gonna do today it's yeah go talk a
little bit I'm going to shave my legs on
today cuz everybody else is doing it you
see this is going off right here right
now shaving it all off let's go three
six to eight process shape now ready
you're ready cuz everybody else is doing
it's alright Nick wait we got hit a job
Bishop who's next I'm gonna do with this
first time I'd like to see how my my
hair I am go all ball go ahead right now
I'm gonna see how my hairline will looks
like you're not the Dean is from Dragon
Ball Z I'm trying to get that why not in
front and everything about my school
have some fun with it right I'm gonna
shave these legs up right no more wait
for the last time I'm gonna put them on
ebay but the waves are gone no more 360
way process it's all done it's all let's
shave it right now I'm not shame to my
website yeah stop sending me messages
like you should go 540 you should change
your ways
Oh Tuesday but this is my kind of fun
now and enjoy your life
so what y'all been doing am I gonna
weekend I know you put me on like soccer
and stuff it's like not soccer football
playing hockey I'll be running I'll be
right in
I'm trying to get to a drink though like
if you start running like y'all be
asking like bit could how'd it get it a
package I'm gonna make one of those
though that's gonna be on my other
channel but that's some story for
another day
but no weekend which I'll be doing at
school I know you're going to school
which I'm doing at school yeah better
not be dog then I'd be up in there it's
class act in the food table class active
the food but yeah your education that's
very good
you're going to be smart it's hot up in
here I got like good light back here
like big let me talk about it there's
nothing just doing this talking about
nothing so let me tell y'all what's
happening with this three six way
process a new video coming up on in like
two days
at the end of this weekend so that's
gonna be epic so make sure you come in
check it out on Monday / to's day one of
those two days is gonna get a video I'm
not gonna talk much about it right now
but it's gonna be a collab video for
y'all very funny very funny who that so
that's gonna happen you already know
about my other YouTube channel so if I'm
not home on this channel I'll be on the
head of YouTube channel this is a link
in the description below I check it out
it's funny but it ain't funny that fight
is on there I'm soft my last video got
fighting zone
already so what else um yeah three six
of a process y'all we talked in the
comments below which I'll be going like
button bonus or whatever boom
see y'all in like two days two days and
I put up sleeping all right John but I
see y'all see six to eight process
loser